# Belle Creek Master Association
# Covenant Enforcement Committee Meeting Notes
# July 15, 2015

## I. Attending
Laurie Tatlock, Mulhern MRE, Inc., Charles Wolfersberger, Wolfersberger, LLC.  Committee Members: Rich Brewer, 9439 East 109th Avenue, Leonard Sandoval, 10914 Belle Creek Boulevard, Jonathan Stanwyck, 9665 East 105th Avenue Nephi Wright, 9676 East 105th  Place.  Residents:  Eric Henderson, 9485 East 109th Circle, John and Michell Blackmore, 9434 East 106th Place, Brian Wallace, 9435 East 106th Place, and Rafael Vazquez, 9694 East 105th Avenue.

## II. Covenant Enforcement Matters
The Committee discussed the paint color request from Jennifer Culbert, at 9500 East 106th Avenue.  The Committee approved the following color scheme:  Body, Slate Tile, SW7624, Trim, Ibis White, SW 7000 and Door Color, Black Magic, SW 6991, satin finish.  

The Committee discussed the request from Jon Holman to waive fines for the disrepair of the backyard at 10917 Beeler Street.  The Committee decided not to waive any fines and will continue to work with Mr. Holman on a plan for the reestablishment of the backyard.

The Committee discussed the basketball backboard that was placed at 9267 East 108th Drive without approval and the subsequent submission of the Design Review Request Form.  As the backboard violated the Design Guidelines, the Committee did not approve the request form and the property owner will be advised that the backboard needs to be removed.  

John and Michell Blackmore addressed the Committee, advising that they had forgotten to get permission for a paint color change at 9434 East 106th Place.  There have been a number of complaints about the new paint color.  Eric Henderson and Brian Wallace advised that they were opposed to this color.   The Committee asked that the Blackmores propose another color.  Chuck will send them an economical paint contractor name and contact information.

The Committee reviewed the proposed revisions Design Guidelines.

## III. Resident Comments/Issues
Laurie Tatlock will review the landscape improvements that Rafael Vazquez is proposing at 9694 East 105th Avenue.

## IV. Committee Member Comments/Issues
None.
