# Belle Creek Master Association
# Covenant Enforcement Committee Meeting Notes
# February 18, 2015

## I. Attending
Laurie Tatlock, Mulhern MRE, Inc., Charles Wolfersberger, Wolfersberger, LLC, James D. Adams, resident at 9499 East 109th Avenue, Rich Brewer, resident at 9439 East 109th Avenue, Leonard Sandoval, resident at 10914 Belle Creek Boulevard, Jonathan Stanwyck, resident at 9665 East 105th Avenue Nephi Wright, resident at 9676 East 105th  Place.  Kevin Vincel, resident at 10644 Belle Creek Boulevard joined after the meeting had begun

## II. Covenant Enforcement Matters
The Committee discussed the request from the homeowners at 10987 for a fine reduction to facilitate a sale of their property to prevent foreclosure.  The Committee agreed that $4,000 should be escrowed for maintenance before the Covenant Lien is released and allowed that all but $600 of the fines would be written off as long as there were no covenant violations 72 hours after the sale of the property.  

The Committee reviewed the request for a security door at 10788 Dayton Way.  They agreed that the owner needed to pick a design before they could allow the request and suggested that the door be painted to match the trim or the front door.

The Committee reviewed Charles Wolfersberger’s paint evaluation and will look at the properties identified over the next month.

## III. Resident Comments/Issues
The Committee asked Jim Adams to join the Covenant Enforcement Committee.  

## IV. Committee Comments/Issues
The Committee discussed placement of yard furniture at 9636 East 105th Place and agreed that it must be neatly placed on the hardscape of her own property.

As the resident at 10904 Belle Creek Boulevard has now replaced/upgraded the porch lattice and has asked the fines be reduced.  The Committee agreed to write off all but $50 of the fines.  The Committee agreed that they need to have a policy on fine reductions.  
