# Belle Creek Master Association
# Covenant Enforcement Committee Meeting Notes
# January 21, 2015

## I. Attending
Laurie Tatlock, Mulhern MRE, Inc., Charles Wolfersberger, Wolfersberger, LLC, James D. Adams, resident at 9499 East 109th Avenue, Rich Brewer, resident at 9439 East 109th Avenue, Leonard Sandoval, resident at 10914 Belle Creek Boulevard, Nephi Wright, resident at 9676 East 105th  Place.

## II. Covenant Enforcement Matters
Charles Wolfersberger reviewed a list of homes with front door colors that have been painted a non-compliant color and storm doors that do not appear to have been approved.  The Committee asked an email be sent reminding residents to get approval on exterior modifications and send a notice to those homes that appear to have made changes without approval.

The Committee discussed a request from Mr. Soller at 9258 Longs Peak to enclose a portion of the patio on his garage studio and his carport to expand his carriage house and garage.  The Committee will require detailed plans to properly consider the request.

The Committee discussed the request from the resident at 9262 East 108th Avenue for fine reversals.  There are fines for lattice removal and for turf disrepair.  The Committee agreed that the fines for lattice removal could be reversed if the lattice is repaired by June 1, 2015.  The turf disrepair fines will not be reversed.

## III. Resident Comments/Issues
Jim Adams asked about the development of the multi-family and townhome sites.  Laurie Tatlock explained that the sites under contract to Chartered Development Corporation and if the land sale is completed, they would be developed per the existing PUD.  The Committee asked if they could see the plans.

## IV. Committee Comments/Issues
The Committee asked that residents be sent an email reminding them about the Commerce City 24 hour deadline to shovel snow from the sidewalks after a storm.

The Committee asked Chuck Wolfersberger to prepare a list detailing paint violations to discuss at the February meeting.
