# Belle Creek Master Association
# Covenant Enforcement Committee Meeting Notes
# June 24, 2015

## I. Attending
Laurie Tatlock, Mulhern MRE, Inc., Charles Wolfersberger, Wolfersberger, LLC, James D. Adams, resident at 9499 East 109th Avenue, Rich Brewer, resident at 9439 East 109th Avenue, Leonard Sandoval, resident at 10914 Belle Creek Boulevard, Jonathan Stanwyck, resident at 9665 East 105th Avenue Nephi Wright, resident at 9676 East 105th  Place.  

## II. Covenant Enforcement Matters
The Committee discussed the need for escrow funds at 10823 Belle Creek Boulevard and 10987 Beeler Street.  To release the covenant liens, $3,000 will be escrowed for 10823 Belle Creek Boulevard and $1,000 will be escrowed for 10987 Beeler Street.

The Committee discussed correspondence from Jon Holman regarding the back yard at 10917 Beeler Street.  The Committee would like him to submit a plan for refurbishing the back yard by the July meeting.  Mowing and seeding is not enough and the fines will not be reduced or waived until significant progress is made.

The Committee reviewed the paint assessment completed by Chuck and directed him to sent notices to the 17 homes with a 8,9, or 10 score.

The Committee asked Chuck to invite Jennifer Hershey to attend the July meeting.

The Committee approved the window replacement request from the property owner at 10748 Akron Street

## III. Resident Comments/Issues
None.

## IV. Committee Member Comments/Issues
Laurie Tatlock will contact Commerce City regarding a coordinated large item pickup day.
